Add extra installation instructions to clients which OS packaged versions (#3734)
tldr-pages/tldr: README.md

    [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tldt-pages/id1071725095?ls=1&mt=8)
- [Haskell client](https://github.com/psibi/tldr-hs):
  `stack install tldr`

>   or `apt-get install tldr` on Debian

Reviewer: Does this work on Ubuntu too? (I guess it does)
It should be noted in some way. :p

Author: @zdroid, I search in [Ubuntu Packages](https://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=Tldr&searchon=names&suite=eoan&section=all) and yes, in both correspond with the Haskell client. As soon as possible I will note this and the [one for the Python client](https://packages.ubuntu.com/eoan/tldr-py), although it seems a packaged version of lord63/tldr.py, which its last commit was at November 27, 2017.

I will change the title of the PR too.

Author: @zdroid, look at the new changes in which I added the improvement you suggested.

Reviewer 2: Ubuntu is based on Debian, so it's perhaps best to mention the base distribution here - since there are lots of different Debian-based distributions - we wouldn't have space to mention them all :P

>   or `apt-get install tldr` on Debian and Ubuntu

Reviewer 2: Why mention `Ubuntu` specifically here? It implies that other Debian-based distros (e.g. Linux Mint or [Deepin](https://www.deepin.org/en/)) are excluded. How about this?
```suggestion
  or `apt-get install tldr` on Debian-based distributions such as Ubuntu
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or `apt-get install tldr` on Debian-based distributions
```
is enough

Author: That's true. I will commit your suggestions @sbrl, @zdroid.

  - [tldr-python-client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client):
    `pip install tldr` or `pacman -S tldr` on Arch Linux
  - [tldr.py](https://github.com/lord63/tldr.py):

>     `pip install tldr.py` or `apt-get install tldr-py` on Ubuntu

Reviewer 2: Does the `apt-get` command work on other Debian-based distributions? If so, it would be worth using `Debian-based distributions` here instead.
```suggestion
    `pip install tldr.py` or `apt-get install tldr-py` on Debian-based distributions
```

Author: That's true. I will commit your suggestions @sbrl.
